hi this is Rita welcome to duction curry
whenever we talk about pickles they are
usually the ones which are prepared and
then stored for a couple of weeks and
then you have to wait and wait till it
has imbibed all those flavors and use
them today I will be showing you a
really easy instant pickle using a
rhizome which is called mango ginger
yeah it's also called as manga Angie and
to know how to make instant manga in
Japan stay tuned so when we are making
manga in G pickle obviously the main
ingredient is going to be manga ng let's
have a look at the rest of the
ingredients which we are going to be
using now like I told you this is mango
ginger now people might think that this
is belongs move the ginger family
actually it's from the turmeric family
and it's got a really faint aroma of
mango and a very nice flavor so that's
why it's called manga in G now apart
from this I will be using a couple of
green chillies a little bit of lemon to
give that tank flavor a pinch of
turmeric 1 TSP of mustard seeds a little
bit of curry leaves salt to taste and
last but not the least a little bit of
oil around 1/2 a teaspoon to 1 teaspoon
to prepare the touch it's a really
simple process let's have a look so I'll
be showing you how to peel and chop this
now it's very easy firstly when you are
going to buy this you have to snap this
MC it's going to snap fill because at
times you know people kind of mistake
turmeric this and ginger so it's always
better to snap a small piece and kind of
smell it the first auto mode you are
going to get is of the mango now what I
am going to do is how do I feel it just
use the back end of the knife
and I'm just gonna scrap this I have
already bought the mango ginger now when
you do it with the back end of the knife
there is minimal wastage and the peel
comes off easily and one should include
this in their diet specially people who
have a stoma and all that they
definitely should include this
ingredient in their diet
people with bronchial problems now let
me just show you how to chop this now
I'm just going to enough cut this into
slices and then again cut this into
strips now as you can see it's got a
nice yellow color inside
just get all this together and then
start chopping this I will show you an
option of how it will look if you are
slicing it you know if you want to slice
it you can just slice it like this you
know thinly you can do it like this but
what I am going to do is chop it up so
here we go again and what we are going
to do is just add this to a bowl have
already chopped some and kept now what
I'm going to do is I'm going to chop the
chilies now I'll use a red chili and a
green for color so what I'm going to do
is cut this from between like this and
then just roughly chop this up
now if you want to discard the seeds you
can discard the seeds but I don't like
doing that just roughly chop this up if
you want you can also muddle it in a
mortar pestle not required actually so
now what we need to do is just add the
rest of the ingredients make a tadka and
then it's going to be ready so let's do
that the maximum amount of work that is
the peeling and the chopping is done all
we need to do is make a third cup so
let's do that I have a pan here I'm
gonna switch on and first put it to
saute mode reduce the flame what I'm
going to do is add a little bit of oil
like I told you there's an instant
pickle so there's no requirement for too
much of oil in the meanwhile what I'm
going to do is I'm going to add salt as
required now this in itself has a nice
flavor so you can be easy on the salt
not too much of salt required now apart
from that what I'm going to do is add a
pinch of turmeric very little and what I
have done is I have lime juice here what
I've done is I've just squeezed half a
lime so I'm going to add around one and
a half tablespoons I like it nice and
tangy and I'm going to give this a mix
now you can also add coriander leaves in
this if you want to but I'm not doing
that
even while mixing you get a really
amazing aroma you know apart from pickle
what you can also do is I'm adding
mustard now here
now mustard is crackling I'll add the
curry leaves what I've done is I have
just roughly chopped them allow them to
shrivel and that's about it now I'm
going to switch this off now this is not
one of those recipes where you add the
third kind serve it no we are going to
mix this well so I will add and we'll
mix this well now what I would suggest
is just allow this to hold for say half
an hour you know let the chilies and the
lemon just come together usually do for
marinades so a manga in GPL is ready
let's serve this so as you can see manga
ng is ready all you need to do is have
it with a little bit of curd rice this
instant pickle is definitely going to be
an instant hit the immunity of going to
make it so do try out if there's any
other type of pickles that you would
want me to make for you you know what
you have to do write in and obviously
hit subscribe on India Food Network
until next time it's Peter signing off